This directory contains OpenOffice/LibreOffice documents for OpenCPI.
They all use the template here named shared/OCPI_ODT.ott, which must be imported
into LibreOffice before editing any of these odt documents.

After editing a document, the Export PDF function under the file menu should be used
to place the PDF in the ../pdf directory, and that PDF file should be part of the commit.
Set "pages and bookmarks" as the initial view.

Also, export as html in ../html using the Writer2xhtml extension.
Use HTML5 export, and select "put images in a subdirectory".

Similarly, if the template is edited, it should be re-exported into the shared directory.

If any editing of these ODT documents is touched, the template should be imported
first.

Look at the "diagrams.txt" file if you are adding or editing diagrams in these
documents. They are currently edited in powerpoint, and not yet included in the repo.

Some conventions used in editing these ODT documents:

Terms or names meant to be literal names in code or XML files, should be, in the narrative text,
put in the "code" character style.  Similarly code/xml examples that are paragraphs by them
selves should use the "code" paragraph style, with lines in that paragraph ending in
shift-return (line break), *not* separate paragraphs.  Code in table cells should be in the 
"table code" paragraph style.

When a term or document name is introduced for the first time, use the "first emphasis" character style.  If a term is used afterword, that still should not read as "just a regular word", continue to use this.

If a word or phrase is a hyperlink, underline it.

Body text should use the "body" paragraph style.

Table captions should use the "Table Caption (before)" style and the caption should
precede the table.

Figure captions should use the "Caption" paragraph style and the caption should follow the table.

In the heading line of a table, use the "table heading" paragraph style.
In the body of a able use the "table contents" paragraph style.
When code is in table cells, use the "table code" paragraph style.

For bulleted lists use the "list bullet" or "list bullet2" styles.

When symbols that are case insensitive are put into table entries, capitalize/camel0-case them.

When literal symbols that are case sensitive are in table entries, leave them in their actual case.

In bullet lists, use periods when the bullets are complete sentences, otherwise do not use periods.  All items in the list should be the same in this regard.

Use italics for typical emphasis as in common usage, as in all writing.

Use bold for extra strong emphasis very rarely.

Use bold-italics/"first emphasis" char style for terms used specially in the document, until it truly seems routine and then drop it.

