
--Breakdown of hdl/:--

This tree holds code and tools specific to the HDL model and associated hardware (FPGAs).

The "primitives" directory supplies low level/primitive utility libraries
and cores used to build application workers, device workers and other infrastructure modules.

The "devices" directory holds device workers that may use primitives, and are optionally
used in platforms (i.e. they are included when an app needs them, but not otherwise).
Workers under this directory are intended to be generic and reusable across cards and
platforms. Examples are dram (with memory controller), gbe, adc, dac, flash memory, etc.

The "cards" directory holds specs and device workers (unique to a card) for "plug-in"
cards that plug into slots in a platform.  E.g. FMC-based cards.

The "platforms" directory holds platform worker and configuration(s) which are comprised of
OpenCPI IP and parameters used to build "platform cores" that are combined with
applications to make bitstreams.
A "platform" is a particular chip on a board with various devices attached.  As is the
case for most of the currently supported boards, only one FPGA is present, therefore
a "platform" is simply considered a board. However when there are multiple supported FPGAs
on a board, a "platform" is not a board, but one of the chips on the board.

The "assemblies" directory holds assembly configurations built into bitstreams, consisting of
workers, which will build/synthesize for particular platforms.  The workers in such an assembly
are essentially a pre-connected, pre-instanced subset of an application.


--A word on where workers are built:--

HDL OpenCPI components/workers are not located in this directory tree and therefore
are not built here. They are built under the top level "components" directory where
multiple authoring model implementations of the same components are built,
i.e. a heterogeneous component library.

Device workers are built in either the "devices" directory, the "cards" directory or
in a {platform}/devices/ directory.

Platform workers and platform configurations are built in the directory under
"platforms" for that platform.

Assemblies and Containers (bitstreams) are built in in the "assemblies" directory,
under a directory named for the assembly.
